Welcome to I T
Infrastructure and Security Section 2.12 data centers
Now here we are basically going to look at the
big big giant end of the hardware
So a data center is where most of the hardware
is stored and that's what would be looking at
So you can see here
The considerations are a little bit far away from the
central focus off this course but it's simply worth remembering
some of the issues that relate to this
We don't expect any great amount of expertise in this
area but just to have some idea about the terminology
Okay so we'll be looking at Ah you know the
various the history which is a couple of slide the
categories which is another couple slides and then delay out
pound supply cooling the energy usage the levels of availability
and finally the physical security
So it's it's very much an overview
Um one might expect people in I t
Degrees to actually gravitate towards Is this if you wanted
to be a their data centre manager either a small
one or a medium sized one These are the sort
of considerations that you would be looking at Okay So
um on top of all the technicalities off the computing
side of things you'd be looking at this sort of
stuff
It's well as a manager
So apart from the end user devices um most of